Add --remote flag for native cross-architecture builds on remote servers (#47)
canonical/colcon-in-container: README.md

lxd init --auto
```

#### Remote LXD for cross-architecture builds

> For developers who need to build packages for different architectures (e.g., ARM packages on an x86_64 laptop), `colcon-in-container` supports connecting to remote LXD servers. This enables building at native speed on remote ARM servers, avoiding the slow performance of QEMU emulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For developers who need to build packages for different architectures (e.g., ARM packages on an x86_64 laptop), 
`colcon-in-container` supports connecting to remote LXD servers. 
This allows for native builds on remote ARM servers, 
avoiding the slow performance of emulation.
```

> To use a remote LXD server:

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to LXD doc ?

Reviewer 2: Done in [f4987ed](https://github.com/canonical/colcon-in-container/pull/47/commits/f4987ed12c10542682e9b3f8eac5091a5e9e8a7b)
